I don't care about koalas all could die and it won't affect my life.
I know a lot about koalas but I don't need to think about them.
They're just a waste of time koalas are stupid they don't help me with shit so why should I help them.
If koalas all die there will be more room for the panthers and all the other hard animals.
Koalas are weak a pit will get rid of their whole fucking family.
That's why I don't like koalas.
Koalas have sharp claws but they are weak.
Koalas all small and fat and they be climing trees.
I hope a storm just come while koalas just chilling up in the tree thinking they is hard and they're will all just fall off. They just break they neck and shit. When they fall they claws are going to fall off and they going to be crying like some little bitches.
Koalas aren't hard they some little bitches.
Koalas start climbing up the tree soon as they see a deer from like 50feet away.
Koalas stupid as hell they should put their brain in their pouch and put the kid in they ten they're be able to think better.
Koalas try to be in the fucking kangaroo family.
Koalas weak as hell, talking bout they got a pouch a kangaroo so they their cousins and shit.
Kangaroo's have some big ass legs and whot do a koala got? Some little ass legs, they tails is little and weak as fuck kangaroo's got a big ass long tail that can kill a fucking koala.
If a koala goes in the water it won't be able to breathe with its little short ass.
A koala would fucking drown soon aas it take one step into the water.
While a koala at the river trying to get something to drink a bear could just come to him and snatch its ass up. It doesn't know protection because they don't have protection. What they little ass going to do? It can't scratch him. The bear will beat his fucking ass.
The important think about koalas is that just don't care about tem and let them die by all the other animals in Australia.
Koalas are not important just let nature do what it do and kill them.
Koalas do not have a place in this world there's not enough room for all the bitches in this world.
So let all the koalas that's in the zoos and shit.
Let koalas go and put them back with their family. If you let them all go they won't nothing except for that's what they was put in this world for.
Now you know why koalas aren't important.
Koalas have nothing to do except for sitting around in the trees.
It's like koalas just was like they was sent have to die.
Koalas don't do nothing to help anybody.
Now you know why koalas are not important because there are dumb.
